Add option to fail crawl if not logged in (#2754)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/workflow-setup.md

??? example "Crawling tags & search queries with Page List crawls"
    This setting can be useful for crawling the content of specific tags or search queries. Specify the tag or search query URL(s) in the _Crawl URL(s)_ field, e.g: `https://example.com/search?q=tag`, and enable _Include Any Linked Page_ to crawl all the content present on that search query page.

> ### Fail Crawl If Not Logged In

Reviewer: Per discussion on title case, "if" would be lowercase following MLA guidelines:
```suggestion
### Fail Crawl if Not Logged In
```

> When enabled, the crawl will fail if behaviors detect the presence or absence of content on supported pages indicating that the browser is not logged in.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention "behaviors" here? IMO the user doesn't need to know the mechanism of failing the crawl here. It could be written something like:

```suggestion
When enabled, the crawl will fail if the website is not logged in based on the presence or absence of content on supported pages.
```

If the mechanism is important, we could link to the page behavior section further down, since that's where "behaviors" is defined.  Something like:

```suggestion
When enabled, the crawl will fail if a [page behavior](#page-behavior) detects the presence or absence of content on supported pages indicating that the browser is not logged in.
```

Author: I think it's a useful hint because people can add this functionality into custom behaviors, but the docs we link to also indicate that, so I could go either way! Do you have a preference?

Author: Went with the latter and made it clearer what to expect in the crawler docs.

### Fail Crawl If Not Logged In

> When enabled, the crawler will fail the crawl if it behaviors detect that the browser is not logged in for specific supported social media sites.

Author: ```suggestion
When enabled, the crawl will fail if behaviors detect the presence or absence of content on supported pages indicating that the browser is not logged in.
```

This can be useful for discovering and capturing pages on a website that aren't linked to from the seed and which might not otherwise be captured.

> ### Fail Crawl If Not Logged In

Reviewer: Looks like this is accidentally included twice

Author: Oops, moved it and forgot to delete the old one. Thanks!
